Your expertise
Your expertise

good understanding of DevOps principles (CI/CD, testing automation, release automation)
good knowledge of Linux / Bash knowledge / Python / Java / Conda
at least 5 years' experience with build automation process (e.g. TeamCity, Jenkins, Maven, Gradle)
good understanding of Infrastructure-as-Code (e.g. Terraform, ARM, etc)
good understanding of containerisation and orchestration technologies (Docker, Kubernetes, Azure Kubernetes Service)
good understanding development tools (e.g. Sonar, GitHub, Nexus, Fortify)
good understanding of microservice architecture and DevOps practices that support
good understanding of configuration management (e.g. CloudInit, Packer, Ansible, Puppet, Chef)
good understanding of cloud computing (e.g. Technologies, Deployment, costing, HA/DR, etc.)
experience with testing automation (e.g. Selenium, Hoverfly, Robot Framework, Cucumber)
experience of monitoring /reporting tools (e.g. AppInsights, Grafana, ELK, App Dynamics, Splunk)
experience with release governance automation (e.g. ServiceNow, JIRA, Confluence)
experience configuring load balancing & traffic routing (e.g. nginx, LTM/GTM)
experience of security administration aspects (e.g. SSL, SSO, Certificates, TLS)
experience of SCRUM/Agile methodologies

You are:

passionate about what you do, you value excellence, learning and integrity
you enjoy a work environment that places emphasis on team work, collaboration and delivering business value
someone who is technically excellent and wants to grow further
proactive, detail-oriented and comfortable working in dynamic environments with fast paced deliveries and changing requirements
a self-sufficient, quick learner, who can work well both independently as well as in a team
an excellent communicator, strong written and verbal communication skills in English


做了不到两年的所谓platform/infra，在2w多人的中型厂做cloud platform侧重CI/CD，这儿的特点就是每几个月就要学习几个新的技术。。。从最开始写ruby gem，到之后帮助dockerize几百个service，然后用groovy设计CI/CD pipeline让二百多个github org的项目自动测试和部署(主要是ruby和js)，再到用terraform 在OpenStack/AWS上维护-搭建-优化相对应的几个平台， 再到用helm deploy service和app到kubernetes。。
可能相比其他工作了两年的初级程序员项目会多一点儿(?)，还是迷茫career path，也和老板探讨过，觉得唯一的优势是thinking outside of the box来进行设计和problem detecting-solving skills.
出现了问题，不能说重启一下就好了，可能需要integrate splunk/new relic来归纳研究问题出现的原因。然后看能不能codify解决问题。会读一些项目的源码来分析。有时候还会有搭建云平台时候的budget calculation和predication。。。
和其他工作5年以上的其他组国人同事也经常探讨，感觉都有各自的优缺点，因为都是螺丝钉，所以都会觉得无聊。
其实我个人理解的是，相比SDE，SRE/SDE-infra/DevOps因为需求不同，需要不停的学习新东西，但是没有机会精通，经常会有不安全感，但是这种不安全感可能需要花费更多的经历来学各种技术，学习曲线会很平缓很累。。。
再就是编程能力也需要自己私下来搞。。。
